Now that we have completed the configuration of our API gateway routes for user MICRA services, it's
time to test.
If they work, let's run or debug API Gateway application.
You will see that it states the Naty started on 2000 as we have configured it.
Now, also, go ahead and run OS 2.0 authorization server
and then let's also go ahead and start use a command API and they often use a query API.
Bonnie, let's start use a query application.
OK, they're all running now, as you can see, so let's open postman.
The first thing we will do is to request a token.
And then they'd start with the user look up.
Let's first do a user look up to the direct port port 882 like we've done before.
As you can see, everything works correctly now through the API Gateway Port 2000.
And as you can see, we get the same results.
It's also search by Idy.
Its Take James Doe's ID there
and you'll also see that the user query API returns via the API gateway.
What we expect there now we will also search by filter JJ and it returns both Jane and James Doe through
the API Gateway Unpure 2000.
Now let's see if the API gateway route for registering a user works.
Also, at the very token, they can change the port to Port 2000.
And they you will see that it hit a break point.
Now, I don't want to create another James Doe user, so I'm just going to stop the user command application
and started up again.
Go back to Posman,
change it to put 2000
kids, another JWT there for the update, and then we will test if the update works via the API Gateway.
And yes, there you can see it also hits our break point.
Again, we are not going to update just stop and start the user command application again.
Let's get another JWT.
And then we're going to see if they remove Fuser API, Gateway route works.
At the new take in the.
And again, it hits our breakpoint, confirming that API gateway route for removing a user works correctly.